Add react and angular section to readme (#31)
pxblue/storybook-addons: rtl/README.md

In your `main.js` file, register this addon:

```
addons: ['@pxblue/storybook-rtl-addon/register']
```            

## Usage

This package exports two functions `getDirection` & `useDirection` that returns the current `Direction` ('rtl' or 'ltr').

### getDirection
`getDirection` is used within Stories to access the current `Direction`.

For detailed usage for the `getDirection` function, see the Examples section further below.

> **Angular Components**: If your component uses the Direction service, use the exported function `getDirection()` to supply the `[dir]` directive with the appropriate direction.

### useDirection

> `useDirection` is a React hook that emits any `Direction` change and can be used inside of Storybook Decorators.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`useDirection` is a React hook that returns the current `Direction` and re-emits on every `Direction` change (when toggling the RTL sidebar button). It can be used to e.g. set values for Providers in a Decorators or Stories.
```

`useDirection` can technically be used everywhere in Storybook, not just Decorators.

```ts
import useDirection from "@pxblue/storybook-rtl-addon/useDirection";

export const decorators = [
    (Story) => {
        const direction = useDirection();
        return (
            <>
                {direction}
                <Story />
            </>
        );
    },
];
```

## Examples

PX Blue uses this addon extensively in our storybook documentation to guarantee bidirectional support of our components and examples.

To see live-example usage of this addon, click on the "Story" tab of each linked example.

### Angular

```ts
import { getDirection } from '@pxblue/storybook-rtl-addon';

export const angularExampleStory = () => ({
    template: `
        <div>{{direction}}</div>
    `,
    props: {
        direction: getDirection
    }
});

```

[Live Example](https://pxblue-components.github.io/angular/?path=/story/components-score-card--with-full-config)

### React

```ts
import { getDirection } from '@pxblue/storybook-rtl-addon';

export const reactExampleStory = () => {
    const direction = getDirection();
    return <div>{direction}</div>;

> }

Reviewer: `getDirection()` in React only gets set on the initial mount, but not update when toggling the storybook sidebar button (the reason for creating the `useDirection` hook - to force a life-cycle update).

Might be worth to note this?

```

> [Live Example](https://pxblue-components.github.io/react/?path=/story/components-user-menu--within-toolbar)

Reviewer: Looks like this example is not using `getDirection()`.

Author: Most of our examples are using some form of a wrapper around `getDirection` so it's difficult to find one that's simpler; this one is using `getDirection` as part of a style rule on line 21.

## Tested Frameworks
- Angular (^8.0.0)

> - React

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- React (^17.0.0)
```
